kinetics fitness and bodybuilding
lifestyle worldwide what's up today
again responsible your questions
here in the author's we are pretty late
are now even at home but for
to achieve this video and that is
the discussion of whether you have a belt in the
training needs or not at which
about him you need and for whom
because a belt is not for him
in general I get to this
a lot of questions
you see me in my videos too
myself personally, I use the belt
currently at the deadlift with heavy
weight when squatting
with heavy weight when transporting
and I as always a bit of a
Hate love have to find one kind
I transport really well because you
can build up really strong voltage
I will come to the same but at
Transport is there so that the load
with easyjet pressure on the belly so big
is that sometimes I have to be short
I had just recently and transport
training and also the fourth set
I really have to almost throw up everything
Just pressed on the stomach
and otherwise yes the country has here
I still need it there it is my name
even that's all of them
most important exercise for me at the moment
gold coast it at the farm oars at
heavy and sooner I have him one
time long nor hard military in
I do not use press at the moment
heavy military prison therefore
relevant
that was it, I have already
try to press the belt when pressing the bench
use
try at max force that has with me
and again a little different
made
and why is in the goethe at all
meaningful and why eat given too
not more meaningful in the first place
you have to know for what deadly
many people think that a belt
protects
before injuries
and that
may stand but not for
all because what is very important to it
know that we need to know first times
you protect yourself without a belt all
beginners already prepare with 60
kilo thus 100 kilo in the sport already
in the medium I use do this
actually the people are wrong most of the time
have not understood how to do that
abdominal wall how to get the autumn right
controlled during an exercise or
and right from that moment, you do one
also make sense if you look at the
heavy weights watt if you stay longer
ever without good trained at this
Mechanism has automated in mind
I'm really talking about that here
activation of the abdominal wall of the
abdominals
during the exercises that is to say
Example of sports when you are in the home
is your style with inhaled really deep
Extremely important in the abdomen
fans doors
I have that too for the lean back system
calls in the video and I see that
It always looks like it with me
me from the moment I scoff at
I'm right with my stomach
bloated and then in the moment where you
to be at the lowest point it is like that
important that here really the art
tense and at the same time the air
let out and then it makes sense
if you can already do that
to work with a belt because of this
goethe's gives a thank you feedback
and this feedback allows you
even more so, but this pressure
so that a goethe must make sense
you also master this pressure
first time the automotive
automatism in the head have this value
and then you have to have it too
can still hold
and before you could not that special
also for example in the country
I've been rowing for years
done wrong and i would have absolutely
nothing brought because I'm the constant
could not generate tension at all
on stomach because I like a
Hohlkreuz was out of tension on the
torso has so I actually rather
with the back of the back with the bottom
back overstretched
and so made a light hollow cross
and at all a tension together on
belly and there helps a well and exactly
nothing is just subjective security
and that's what you always get
again in the forums if the
beginner for a belt ask there
is again and again in goethes Although
shit and shit is a google
not at all people that is too
I do not see the other view either
partly there are people who simply
claiming a lump sum and bringing a belt
nothing trash is shit
the people who then has again
just that from one too extreme
Pages are in as soon as you just enter
experienced athlete is or in the
powerlifting or astronomer then
Most athletes use them when they are
Do not just staple it
belt and also when bank press people
that's just the few kilos make up
if you have feedback then this
feedback the abdominal wall against this
to push opponents
Incidentally, I recommend one at the same time
Always watch the belt
every case takes a stable goethe
the best thing in the world today
Gets a caricature me and Patrick
we have a bid in america you can
unfortunately here in Germany nowhere
Buy it being very very very good
possibility gives on Amazon check times
the link in the description
the product recommendations are there for
Example like coffee only 30 euro
Elizabeth cost over 100 euros is not
just cheap and yes it is called again
combined belt makes sense if
you are already experienced when you are
already pushes decent weights and
if you just this mechanism
dominated belt does not make sense if
beginner is when you are in general
yet no heavy dishes that prove
it does not make sense now at 60
kilo during solicit been the move to
I take scorte myself, for example
up to 150 kilos complete without belt and
I also do so to 160 kilo
completely without a belt and of course
Now again the definitional thing
some find my service
with 200 kilo or 180 already
pretty weak what I can confirm
for my bodyweight but for me
It definitely needed if you know
Yes, our effect is my personal one
weak point my club not
and yes that was it I think now
I forget something yes in the recommendation
Definitely such a belt with
buckle so take or with
this does not flap this normal
Belts you pull on because they are huge
mostly to do and then they are
quite cheap actually
now even every supplement
manufacturer the people behind after due
the 10 or 20 euros
they are not really in my eyes
I have a lot to use last time
used in a big belt because of me
I mean it had was
I was really terrible
not a good feeling at all
Thing
at the intel most popular ten and 13
millimeter
That means the idea is still a bit
but it must be different and the 13 mm
which we have now is really there
and radek so that scratch on the border
the certain as for example karl has
I told him many already
bit too hard and you get stuck
So also you get in part too
these had those bruises on their abdomen
or the corset yes so I can directly
more weight cards because it's just that
Feedback is so strong that I can find it
good if I also finds really cool like
grepper kept rowing for me
indispensable when scoring
In any case, a lot of sure feeling when
Dead listen because you can talk about it
fight
I think when I could read it
theoretically still be
but since i hurt myself in miami
I'm a bit careful
because I am what I am me
does not want to allow now is one
further injury and yes that's it
Nowadays , feedback is what you get from
belt half maybe we can there yes
do not stand for any discussions
to let
thumbs up if you like this video
I liked the people for me
not yet subscribed to the channel
and I thank you people
See you
I saw